Good Team player in customer projects

has ensured 111 deliverables with positive feedback from customer. Mentored junior on QQQ and ensured successful conversion by proposal; and contributed in POCs 
Need to bring in more ideations for future sustenance of AAA account.
Enroll in Org level topics
Mentor junior associates.
Take lead responsibility in the location and acknowledged by other associates by co-ordinating across others tasks and technically mentoring them
Contribute in proposals for deployments at scale, establishing expertise in end to end architecture and design
Can drive as lead for topics like NLP, Responsible AI, explainable AI etc. with specific target of Whitepapers, IRs and conversion to accelerator/assets"

Needs to highlight risks / issues on time
Needs to be more proactive in communication
Escalations on receiving the deliverables on time needs to be highlighted 

Has tried to deliver what she is assigned but I see lot of dependency in independent working. Expected to work independently
Couple of certifications done but needs to be verified
Delivered whats asked for.
1 IR filed.

Has Delivered whatever was asked from his side and in addition has contributed to other actvities
He is doing post graduation  and trying to actively upskill
Has done what is asked for.
Has actively contributed but expected  more compared to peers.

Has Delivered whatever was asked from his side and in addition has contributed to other actvities
Has voluntraily done couple of certifications which shows intention to upskill.
has been regular with these activities
Contributed to IR as well as pre-labelling demos within existing resources. has voluntarily expessed new ideas for improvement 

Met Expectations, worked on SOM EDA and CEAT projects.
enrolled in ISI


"1. Good in understanding problems.
2. He is fast and efficient in coding
3. Need to focus on structured way of documenting work"


"1. Excellent in problem solving skills
2. Good in exploring out of box solutions and contributes innovative ideas for asset building/proposals

1.Need to focus in grooming junior resources
2. Continue to pursue opportunities to convert ideas for filing IR/IPs along with mentoring associates."

"1. Very good in comparing approaches
2. Needs to take ownership of work"

"1. Cross skilled, Innovative and out of box thinking.
2. Quick learner, good problem solving skills."

contributed to multiple project like GROW , WASM , GST ( onsite 4.5 months with 6 days in office )
Curated WASM training content and completed NEO4J graph DB certifiaction and implemented the same.
WASM seed training + working on Bosch responsible AI 
WASM, GST IR and other FFF initiatives 

Contributed to DEMO PoC like starter motor and battery 
